If you smoke again
Be careful I break your tongue
Why was it punctured by me?
Angry?
Why didn't you just say it?
Is Wu Weijun your friend?
You kid is full of nonsense
How dare you offend dignity
That's going to be beheaded
So-called shooting
Wu Weijun Aibing is so approachable
It's hard for him to be friends.
Haha, the cowhide is getting bigger and bigger.
I've been waiting for you to say that
Believe it or not, I'll spread what you say
Then you will come to the door
Spit your mouth full of shit
The unknowing dog thing was pulled out and shot on the spot
It's you who say you are?
Our five soldiers are big shots in cars and so on.
Can a little calf like you play me?
Qin Xue, did you hear that?
And at this point in time, he had something to say.
If you were with him
Sooner or later there will be trouble
Come to me quickly
Quickly shut up and be brave
All right,all right, all right
Classmate, don't you believe me?
My dad has a point
What kind of person is Wu Weijun?
How can I be friends with you?
Why don't you pump the cow bigger?
Why don't you just say your father and Wu Weijun?
both
Oh oh oh
You are crazy, Qin Xue
Look at him.
Impersonating the five soldiers is a greater capital crime
That's going to be raided and destroyed.
Xiao Chen, are you crazy?
I believe in my dad.
Gentleman, don't worry about that nonsense
Stay with me
Only I can give you happiness
Three days later.
I prepared an engagement party at the Tiangong Hotel
Is it this trash?
Then let him fend for himself
Tintin Grand Hotel
Didn't Huo Jingliang book all the rooms for me?
I appreciate your kindness, Mr. Lin
But I won't go to the party
You must go